in both of my professions both military and academic I have found that
I've had to move my family from time to time and I think that has been
occasionally injurious to them and a little more stability would
have been better for my family life but all in all I think the the
burden on them has been outweighed by the opportunities they had that
they would have had because of some of the moves we made for instance
my wife loves being near the ocean and had I stayed in the practice
of law in Colorado springs she would have had precious little time
at the ocean whereas in both the navy and in my condemn a career
she's been right on the ocean